a1.txt
Was King Djoser the first king of the Fourth Dynasty of the Old Kingdom?
Who is the King of Egypt?
When did the Old Kingdom and its power reach a zenith?
How did the scholars construct a history of the 4th-6th Dynasties of Egypt?
Why did the ancient Egyptians build ships for navigation of the sea?


a2.txt
When was the First Intermediate Period?
How long did Neferhotep I rule?
Was Amenehet built by Amenemhat I?
Why did Senusret build a series of massive forts?
Which name was given to a conflation of Senusret and New Kingdom warrior pharaohs?


a3.txt
What is the Egyptian Empire?
Where was the tomb for sons of Ramesses II?
Was the last great pharaoh form the New Kingdom Ramesses II?
Who expanded Egypt's army and wielded it with great success to consolidate the empire created by his predecessors?
Why did Egyptian Empire in Asia gradually decline?


a4.txt
Was the Egyptian language a branch of the Afro-Asiatic language?
Which language prefers triradical roots?
What are six major chronological divisions of the Egyptian language?
How was Demotic written?
When was Coptic alphabet first developed?


a5.txt
Was Late Egyptian written using the hieratic scripts?
What is Demotic?
How many hieroglyphs does Middle Egyptian make use of?
Which is the best-documented variety of the Egyptian?
Why does Egyptian not show great dialectal differences in the written language?


a6.txt
1. Have the Egyptian soldiers ever used composite bows?  (Line 17)
2. What is the primary weapon of Egyptian armies during the new Kingdom?  (Line 42) 
3. When is the Old Kingdom of Egypt? (Line 9)
4. How many military branches do the Egyptian military usually consist of as in the New Kingdom? (Line 52)
5. Why is the composite bow not used as much while simple stave bow never disappeared from the battlefield? (Line 107, This is super difficult, 3 sentences involved,)


a7.txt (Can be discorded, these questions are at Human reading difficulty)
1. Is it clear that How long Khufu ruled over Egypt? (Line 67)
2. Which person built the Great Pyramid? (Line 145, Line 163, Line 196, triple answer)
3. Who is Khufu? (Line 4)
4. How long did Khufu rule over Egypt? (Line 67, tricky one since the answer is literally ‘unknown’)
5. Is the small figurine the only preserved statue of Khufu? (Line 94, this is super tricky because 2 sentences are involved)


a8.txt
1. Does Tutankhamun have a wet nurse? (Line 10)
2. What leads to the death of Tutankhamun? (Line 35)
3. How tall is Tutankhamun? (Line 26)
4. When is the Tutankhamun’s tomb discovered? (Line 59)
5. Why do historians believe that Tutankhamun did not personally involved in the battles with Nubians and Asiatics? (Line 21, two sentences involved)


a9.txt
1. Is Osiris a god? (Line 4)
2. What kind of god was Osiris described as? (Line 5 / Line 60)
3. Who is the father of the god Horus? (Line 35)
4. Where is the Osirian temple? (Line 82)
5. Why was Osiris associated with death? (Line 6)


a10.txt
1. Is Cleopatra a man or a woman? (Line 6)
2. What is the meaning of the name Cleopatra? (Line 13)
3. When is Caesar murdered? (Line 7) 
4. What is the name of the children between Cleopatra and Caesar? (Line 6)
5. How many people have Cleopatra married or loved during her life? (Tricky one, Line 6, Line  7, Line 40)